Updated docs for postgres and mysql components (#3811)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/reference/components-reference/supported-bindings/mysql.md

| `maxOpenConns` | N | Output | The max open connections. Integer greater than 0 | `"10"` |
| `connMaxLifetime` | N | Output | The max connection lifetime. Duration string | `"12s"` |
| `connMaxIdleTime` | N | Output | The max connection idel time. Duration string | `"12s"` |

> | `direction` | N | Output | The direction of the binding | `"output"` |

Reviewer: Can we keep the `direction` on this component. We put these into all binding to be explicit that this is useful for separation of Dapr sidecar from asking the app.

Author: This is only an output binding so the direction is irrelevant. I think it causes more confusion than anything.

Reviewer: It still tells the sidecar information that is needed. Even for output only bindings this is useful, yes?

Author: No, it is a no-op for output bindings, just adds confusion to users

Author: I am referring specifically to output-only bindings. A binding that is input-only or input and output can benefit from this. But output bindings don't need this

### SSL connection

If your server requires SSL your connection string must end of `&tls=custom` for example:

```bash
"<user>:<password>@tcp(<server>:3306)/<database>?allowNativePasswords=true&tls=custom"
```

> > You must replace the `<PEM PATH>` with a full path to the PEM file. If you are using Azure Database for MySQL see the Azure [documentation on SSL database connections](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/mysql/single-server/how-to-configure-ssl), for information on how to download the required certificate. The connection to MySQL will require a minimum TLS version of 1.2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> You must replace the `<PEM PATH>` with a full path to the PEM file. If you are using Azure Database for MySQL see the Azure [documentation on SSL database connections](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/mysql/single-server/how-to-configure-ssl), for information on how to download the required certificate. The connection to MySQL requires a minimum TLS version of 1.2.
```

- `query`
- `close`

### Parametrized queries

This binding supports parametrized queries, which allow separating the SQL query itself from user-supplied values. The usage of parametrized queries is **strongly recommended** for security reasons, as they prevent [SQL Injection attacks](https://owasp.org/www-community/attacks/SQL_Injection).

For example:

```sql
-- ❌ WRONG! Includes values in the query and is vulnerable to SQL Injection attacks.
SELECT * FROM mytable WHERE user_key = 'something';

-- ✅ GOOD! Uses parametrized queries.
-- This will be executed with parameters ["something"]
SELECT * FROM mytable WHERE user_key = ?;
```

> > [Relevant XKCD](https://xkcd.com/327/)

Author: My .02. this is well-known enough, and humor helps getting important points across!

Reviewer 2: That is funny and will be recorded in the history of this PR. Can we remove it to get this merged?
